Hi! Ghosty here!

To run the mod you must have
1. A installation of Doki Doki Literature Club. (You can download the game at Steam, Itch.io and https://ddlc.moe)

Once you downloaded the original game, Delete everything in the game folder.
Then go to the Doki Doki: Lunar folder, and copy everything in that game folder and paste into the game folder of the original Doki Doki Literature Club game folder.
then run the DDLC.exe and now you can play the mod!
(Copy/Paste this file too! (Not in the game folder))
If you face any problem with the mod or you would like to give an suggestion,  You can DM Ghosty at Discord by Ghosty#9987

Note : This mod is a Doki Doki Literature Club fan game that is not affiliated with Team Salvato. It is designed to be played only after the official game has been completed.
Have fun!
Made with DDLCModTemplate: https://github.com/Monika-After-Story/DDLCModTemplate
                                                                                                                                                                        Credits

                                                                                                                                                                        Concept
                                                                                                                                                                         Ghosty
                                                                                                                                                                       IbrahimTGD
                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                          Coders
                                                                                                                                                                          Ghosty
                                            
                                                                                                                                                                         Writing
                                                                                                                                                                       IbrahimTGD
                                                                                                                                             










